Sharevallience -------------

Kosta: Can it read shapes from the phone? If so, it could shorten the feedback loop.

Dan Perlin: Who is making the database of shapes? Mechanical Turk? Who is deciding which shapes refer to what?

Chris Leong: By documenting the surfaces you work on, we transform the way we think about working.

Francis: Are the databases site specific? 

Rob: This allows specific graphics to be the trigger. Not just QR code, but brand specific for example.

Karen: Can you make the city more a part of the project. The access of the public with iphones makes information from the city much more available.

Dan TYL: Can it move past just a overlay of graphics on real objects?

Rob: Is it more than AR? What makes it different, and what is the next step?




Object Oriented Office  --------------

Jeff: Do you have an agenda?

Dan: What is the stake for the user? For example, sitting is bad. Do we put an electric shock in the chair to make you stand up?

Jeff: Why is that data gathered important? For example compared to running, where heart rate is important…

Dan TYL: I wonder if the visualization might be where you find the answers. More ways / methods of visualization might allow you to get more from the data stream. Gradient is gorgeous, but doesnt necessarily 

Rick: What if a light in the room could move and mimic the sun in the room, and the direction is based on your sitting orientation. 

Marina: What is the role of the body with in the office. 

Rob: Can you take a problemist take. What kind of problems and dystopian conclusions could this create, and what would that mean?




Studio Analytics  ------------------

Dan: Why did you choose to do audio? Audio is really hard to work with due to its bouncy nature. You should have the conversation of 

Chris: You can't do that and then present to the client afterwards. It breaks the narrative.

Jeff: A handful of this projects dont have a strong position, and that might have gotten lost by focusing too much on the technology.

Chris: The class is less about position, and more about pitching to a client. 

Jeff: Its cool to have both maybe?

Troy: It has been tough because there is a conflict between creating a traditionally abstract school project, pitching it to real clients, and also creating working prototypes.

Rick: Ths students are approaching this from the CS perspective, so to their defense, they are just kind of figuring out what you cna build with what, and not focusing neccesarrily on the results of the work.

Jeff: Yea great, I agree, it sohuld happen. The question is how to move forward, because if there is a position, then you can have something to push against. It also allows collective understading of a goal.



Ian -----

1. How does architecture connects with the internet? Is there a way to think about an architecture of distraction?
2. Despite the enthusiaism for data stores, apis, etc. there has not been a substantial accepting / change in major cities. In informal cities, there is sonwhat of a requiremnt to naturaly hack their enviroment. Can the smart city, look to the shadow cities, developing cities as means of inspiration.

Dan: There are more cell phones than people in Rio / brazil. Ian is right.

Francis: As for the culture of distraction, I would rather people be there.
As for the smart city / shadow city. The technology is there, you are right. My Neighbor and I can connect to each other without Verizon, etc.



Dan TYL ----

Visualization of when computer is on.
Northpaw: Anklet that vibrates in the direction of north. Eventually becomes subconcious. It is an example of how technology becomes a sense as opposed to anobject you are interacting with. It can augment the want 


Julia  -----

Robot Readable World: A project looking at the how cameras and computers read the world. How are they identifiying social interactions, etc.. What do the machines see? How does that reflect what we created them to do, and what our culture is using them for?

What are the phyiscal implications of server stacks, the cloud.. It is normally thought of abstractly, but there are phyiscal repercusisons.


Rob -----

I was reading John Harwitz "The Interface". Found this quote. Specfically its reference to management, organization and logistics in the office, and the corporation, and how the computer has changed that. 


Daniel  -----

You should focus on bluetooth LE. Built into iOS devices, and super lightweight. Very specific geofencing. "Not rad in hands of bad people. And mostly in their hands now"











